Added one more example (#144)
TheAlgorithms/Algorithms-Explanation: en/Sorting Algorithms/Merge Sort.md

Now merge both these halves to get the sorted array [0, 1, 2, 3, 5, 9]
```

#### Example 2

```
arr = [1, 9, 2, 5, 7, 3, 6, 4]  

> Divide the array in two halves [1, 9, 2, 5] and [7, 3, 6, 4]
> 
> As you can see that the above two halves are not yet sorted, so divide both of them into two halves again.
> 
> This time we get four arrays as [1, 9], [2, 5], [7, 3] and [6, 4].
> 
> We see that last two arrays are again not sorted, so we divide them again in two halves and we will get [7], [3], [6] and [4].
> 
> Since an array of single element is sorted, we now have all the arrays sorted, now we only need to merge them appropriately.
> 
> First the arrays of one elements will be merged as they were divided in last, and are at top of the recursion stack, so we get [3,7] and [4,6].
> 
> Now the merge will occur accordingly to the recurion stack, [1, 9] and [2, 5] will be merged and will make [1, 2, 5, 9].
> 
> Similarly [3, 7] and [4, 6] will be merged and make [3, 4, 6, 7].
> 
> At next stack level [1, 2, 5, 9] and [3, 4, 6, 7] will be merged and we will get the final sorted array as [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Divide the array into two halves [1, 9, 2, 5] and [7, 3, 6, 4]

As you can see that the above two halves are not yet sorted, so divide both of them into two halves again.

This time we get four arrays as [1, 9], [2, 5], [7, 3] and [6, 4].

We see that the last two arrays are again not sorted, so we divide them again into two halves and we will get [7], [3], [6], and [4].

Since an array of a single element is sorted, we now have all the arrays sorted, now we only need to merge them appropriately.

First, the arrays of one element will be merged as they were divided in last, and are at top of the recursion stack, so we get [3,7] and [4,6].

Now the merge will occur accordingly to the recursion stack, [1, 9] and [2, 5] will be merged and will make [1, 2, 5, 9].

Similarly [3, 7] and [4, 6] will be merged and made [3, 4, 6, 7].

At the next stack level [1, 2, 5, 9] and [3, 4, 6, 7] will be merged and we will get the final sorted array as [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9].
```
